{Alright, so continuing with our
study.
This item is a complex scene, so
like before, just describe what
you see and what is happening in
between three and five minutes.
OK, go.}
#START_being_a_pirate So this is
a scene once again. There's a
lot of lot of people on 2 pages.
It takes place on an ocean.
There's a an island to the right
and.
A very large ship.
As well as a number of smaller
ships that transport people back
and forth to the main ship.
Actually, there's actually
another ship that looks quite
large on the left to the left of
the page.
It has a pirates.
Flag.
So maybe this is like a battle
between two pirates.
There's some cannons being
launched.
Umm.
From the large ship as well as
from a small ship.
Um, most of the pictures are.
Of men.
Umm, actually, I I take that
back. There's actually another
ship up to the top, so there's
actually three main ships that
have the pirate signs flags. So
that looks to be maybe like a
battle between.
I guess the groups.
Looks like sex. Yes, there's
some cannons being launched.
There's a big octopus that's
actually showing its face in the
middle of the page.
Holding some of the.
Ohh.
Fighters, the fighters aren't
really well.
Clothed they're just wearing
simple clothes.
I guess most of the pirates are
like that.
There's a lot of people at the
on the ship that are are on on
the ship parts as well as at the
top of the ships examining
distances and.
Um, trying to fight
As well on the on the.
I don't know what they call
these ships, but I guess where
the the wind catches the sails.
To the right, there's an island
that's colored in yellow. Some
people have landed on an island.
There's one person who's digging
a hole or.
He has just dug a hole and to
see if there was a treasure so
that some people are sitting
around a treasure box that looks
empty and he looks.
Umm.
He looks a little puzzled. I
don't know if that was the
ultimate goal of these people is
to find treasures.
Umm.
There's also a lot of people
diving in and out of the water.
There's actually two small boats
that seem to have sunk.
But um.
I would think that most people
can swim if they are involved
in.
Being on the ship and being part
of a pirates.
But I do see one or two people
raising their hands.
Um, to be rescued, um.
There is. Oh, I see there is
one.
Person who is being pushed on
the small ship at the top of
the.
The page there is one person who
is at the edge of this ship. He
has no place else to go because
there is a pirate with a sword
and it looks as though at the he
could jump into the water,
except there are sharks close as
though they're ready to eat him.
So he looks as though he's kind
of in a bad situation, doesn't
know where to turn.
There are, um.
They're they're mostly battle
scenes that are taking place,
people falling off, people
falling in. It's very chaotic.
So there's no one.
Picture or one person that seems
to be.
#END_being_a_pirate If they're
not in the boat, they're mostly
moving and doing some kind of
examination and assessing their
situation.
{Alright, so that was about 5
minutes. Good.}
{So the next one is the same
type of pictures. OK, complex
scene, so.}
#START_wild_west So this is the
left. It talks about the wild
Wild West. Also lots of. Lots
of.
Lots of people.
Oh, but it actually looks like
it is. It doesn't take place.
Back in the time when there were
Cowboys but.
It looks as though it's a set
scene for films because we see
people who are dressed as
Cowboys, but also people who are
dressed in.
Regular modern clothes.
It takes place in a setting that
looks as though it is in a a
town that takes place in the
Wild West.
Um, because there are jails and
hotels saloons.
Banks. Oh, there's also a train.
That's coming into the town.
Um, so there's a lot of saloons.
I guess that's just bars.
There's also a stable that
people could take care of their
animal, which is.
Um, mostly there aren't that.
There are a few animals that are
in the picture.
But I would think that having
animals on the set is is could
be quite expensive and quite
chaotic, so I do see.
Sort of replicas of.
There's an image of a group of
of of.
Of buffaloes.
That are coming as though
they're coming into town, but
they're they're fake buffaloes
because I think that would be
quite chaotic.
There's some.
Fighting scenes that are taking
place in saloon where most
people.
Or fighting between the 1st
floor and the 2nd floor, and
there's a cameraman and also
somebody holding a mic to get
the conversation on record.
There's actually a.
A movie scene where
There's a bunch of bandits that
are trying to steal.
Carriages.
Oh, it's actually a carriage
that's stuck.
On a the train track. Although
the train track is probably fake
too, so there's like multiple
scenes that are happening. Oh, I
think I finally found Waldo for
the first time. He's to the.
He's kind of underneath one of
the banks in the right hand
corner of the end of the page.
There are mostly men who are in
this picture who are dressed as
Cowboys. Occasionally you see
some females.
Very few.
I guess because it's.
It's a, it's a.
It's a movie. There's a most of
them are.
Oh, there's a couple of fighting
scenes.
Umm.
There's a couple of to the back.
There's actually some singing
that's going on back middle part
of the the page at the the 2nd
floor of a saloon.
There is also at the back.
There's a person who looks as
though he's about to take off
saying goodbye and I guess the
image of the sunset in the
background.
Umm.
Is.
A picture that they're trying to
take. Although I don't see the
camera, I also see a number of.
The big doctors.
Who are in the in the picture
near near the.
The big picture of the sunset or
the sunset
Near the livery unstable
building.
Um, there are two. The left
corner there is a jail.
Umm.
But there's a picture of a group
of Cowboys with a baby in a
stroller.
I guess back then they had
strollers.
#END_wild_west Um, or it's a
modern stroller.
{5 minutes, OK.
Moving on. So this one is the
longest graphic novel that we
have. OK, we're aiming for still
between 10 and 15 minutes.}
{As we look at those.
Pages.}
{OK, so this is a new one. Yes.
And it's a graphic novel with
multiple pages. OK, so.}
#START_wanderer The left side of
the page has a number of images.
The right side is just one large
image of a big ship.
That is floating.
Um in the water.
To start off, from their left
hand side, there are two
creatures, two people. One
person is dressed like a
superhero kind of outfit.
And the other person looks more
like a normal person human
being. Though he may be having
and he's wearing like a striped
shirt, they are. Oh actually
they're doing origami. A very
large scale origami.
Trying to fold.
Using their, both of them
folding together to build.
A the water a pretty large size.
Ship.
But compared to how it is in
real life, it is still very
small because when you see it in
the context of the right side
page, it is floating in the
water against the very very big
ship.
And there the  in the origami
boat is actually heading
towards.
A direction with a bunch of
seagulls that are helping.
Him navigate or the the ship
navigate. There's 246810 11
seagulls.
The the origami boat is actually
being also helped by three
turtles who seem to be also
helping.
Ohh as well as the seagulls and
then all of a sudden they
origami ship has been
encountered by as encountered a
very large killer whale.
The killer whale.
Picks
The origami boat on its fin.
And meanwhile.
His.
The fact that the will is close
by, that they page shows what's
happening in the underground.
Of the the ocean and the corals
and the the fish underneath the
water or reacting to the killer
whale approaching with the
origami ship on his fin
The now it looks as though the
origami ship is being.
Navigated and moved by a school
of fish.
A very large school of fish.
And the pages are.
Still showing briefly the.
The origami ship, but mostly the
underground of what's happening.
There's a lot of movements that
are taking place in the
underground with fish amidst the
corals, amidst the seaweed.
All different kinds of fish.
The origami fish has now been.
Helped by.
Some squid squid like.
creatures
Um, still showing pictures of
the underground as well as the.
The the origami ship and
meanwhile the origami ship. It
looks as though there is
somebody in the origami ship
because now there's a a rod
that's coming out, a fishing rod
that's coming out of the.
The origami ship, of which one
fish has taken bait and is about
to be dragged above.
Oh, interesting though.
These these fish are kind of.
I'm looking at them carefully.
Some are fish like and some are
almost half human, half fish.
There's a fish that is has a
scissor in his hand, which means
that he has hands, and he seems
to understand what's going on.
That's interesting. OK.
So there is a.
Horseshoe, no horse fish. I
think that's what they're called
that is visible above the water.
With a hat that is actually
being helped by another fish
that is being helped that as
he's standing on coral to be
above water.
Um, the fish in the underwater
is.
Moving around.
I guess it was a way for the the
the origami ship to not get
stuck by the the corals that
are.
Higher above.
Closer to the water surface and
to the right there are. I think
these are called Stingrays.
As well as eel like creatures at
the bottom of the ocean, that
one of them a very long eel like
snake like creature.
Has managed to actually get to
the top of the water surface and
even peek into the origami ship.
Meanwhile, the origami ship is
also being.
Navigated by the.
Horse. Seahorse. I think that's
what they're called. I can't
remember seahorse, like with the
checkered body wearing a hat.
So I'm imagining this is now at
the top of the above water
image.
The the origami ship. It's about
to come across an island that is
mostly covered by large trees,
and on the trees there are crane
like Swan Lake creatures that
are on branches.
And they seem to be busy eating
or nesting or.
There are numerous cranes that
are on this Big Island that is
covered by trees and it looks as
though the origami ship is about
to sail in to possibly a cave.
There's also flowers that are
showing above the sea water.
Meanwhile.
As the origami ship enters The
Cave.
The picture now shows above
water and below water activities
that are taking place.
It shows that the water surface
is probably more shallow because
you can see the roots of these
trees that are underwater and
the fish are swimming in between
the roots. There's a school of
fish that are also swimming
through the.
The the branches in between
trees under the water. There are
some fish that are are
hibernating or sleeping in
between these roots of the trees
and the origami ship is about to
enter I guess the jungle like
area of the tree island.
So they're now different
creatures as the origami ship
sails through.
Kind of like a water channel in
in the middle of the.
Island Trees, tree islands. I
should call them trees islands.
There's a couple of creatures
that are also on the branches
they look like.
They seem to have faces similar
to fish, but they're not fish
because they're above ground.
There are also some crabs as
well as some birds.
Shows that.
It's probably dark in this area
because all of the creatures
have eyes that are shining.
or illuminating.
The picture again is now between
above water and underground
water activities as the origami
ship sails.
Through the trees of this
island.
On the left hand side there are
some more interesting creatures.
There's a very large lobster
that is crawling at the base of
the ocean.
And as a lot very large seahorse
is riding on top of the lobster,
these look to be very, very big
creatures.
And it looks as though the.
Seahorse on the boat of the
origami notices.
The the large seahorse that's on
the lobster, that's underground.
And on the right page he decides
to jump out of the origami boat,
his hats falling, but he sees
that there are some other.
Family members of his sea horses
that are underground water
waiting for him to jump into the
water.
Um, the the origami.
Boat is continuing to sail.
This shows how small the origami
ship is compared to the killer
whale that we saw originally.
There's a picture of the killer
whale in proportion to the
origami ship. The origami ship
is tiny.
And the whale is just kind of
relaxing because it's smoking a
pipe and there are birds on top
of him. And he doesn't seem to
mind. He's not in a killer
instinct.
And he's just floating in water.
And there are some fish in the
background, but it also shows
how big he is in proportion to
everything else. On the right
side there is another creature.
That is just as large as the
killer whale, but is very
different looking.
It's got claws like crab.
It's got multiple tails. It's
got some coral that's growing on
his back.
And he's got a little he also is
very large in proportion to the
origami ship also.
He is half mostly underwater,
but his head is floating above
water.
Talking to the origami ship.
And he is standing.
On a.
Number of of the they look like
past ships that have failed and
are sunk. There's actually
another origami ship that is at
the bottom of the ocean as well.
That's amidst the ships that are
underneath this creature.
Now the origami ship is.
Hitting.
Towards a destination actually
heading towards the moon, it
looks like while there are all
these different creatures that
no longer look just like fish,
but they look like hybrids.
Of other animals.
There's an alligator. There's a
cat that has fins and tails.
There's a dog that also has
tails as as his paws. There's a
zebra.
There's.
A leopard with um hands that
look like tails.
There are elephants and lions
and other.
Creatures that look like hybrids
of between a fish and well, I
think there's also a cow at the
back.
There's also a snake that's on
the surface of the horizon of
the water.
With an image of a of a fish
that's glowing, illuminating
light. And there are birds that
are also half fish, half
butterfly half.
Flying above the water.
And there is a looks like a
moon, but the moon is also has
tails. There's also a bat that
looks like. It also has fish
like fins.
So the origami.
Ship continues its sale that
he's now. That ship is now
heading towards a the moon,
which the moon is showing.
A bit of illumination, but not
much because it is mostly.
Not a full moon.
I can't remember the opposite of
not a full moon and it shows
also the sky lit by.
Umm.
Some kind of creatures that are
flying in the in the night sky
as well as the underground water
showing.
Creatures that are swimming all
towards the origami ship.
All their eyes are illuminating
and heading in that direction.
The origami ship is now
surrounded from all angles by.
Numerous fish, all showing its
head.
Above water, their heads. Above
water.
They don't seem to be attacking,
but they just seem to be
surrounding the origami ship to
the point that the origami ship
has no place to go.
Then all of a sudden.
The sky is lit.
In a way that is very mystical.
Almost like a aurora.
Can't remember the full name
Aurora where the sky is
illuminated in a certain way.
That means the stars I thought,
seemed to have scared most of
the fish that were surrounding.
The origami ship. The origami
ship now seems to be able to
start sailing again.
Now the.
The sea.
Level seems to be illuminated by
a looks like you and like an ice
block from.
And Arctica, but I think it is
not cold because we are seeing
the waves.
Of the ocean, but it is a very
large structure that is also
illuminating.
Above the water.
It looks like so it might be a
tunnel like area that the
origami ship is sailing into so
it continues to sail into the
tunnel. There's another picture
on the right that shows the
origami ship navigating through
the.
Uh.
That's navigating you through
like a tunnel.
All of a sudden.
Umm.
This origami ship comes out of
the other end of the tunnel.
formed through the the ice block
like.
Kind of natural setting and is
being illuminated.
By another light from
underground turns out that.
Umm.
A very large.
Half.
Human like, half fish like.
With an oxygen tank and
illuminating eyes seem to be
able to hold the origami ship.
Umm.
It has. It looks as though.
The.
This creature is very large.
Doesn't. Don't know if it's a
human, but it also has some fish
traits to the face.
And because I guess it's living
underwater, it's got permanent
oxygen tank.
And I head
Coverage.
So the origami ship is really at
the corner of this page that
shows and the rest of the page
is it's almost like 2 ships.
They always, also look like
cities. They're so large in
comparison to the origami ship.
The creature that picked up the
origami ship that is half human,
half fish like.
Seems to be directing the
origami ship towards this city
like ships that have.
That have.
Big chimneys that look like
factories. There's also the tail
of the killer whale in between
the ships. It just shows how big
the ship is in comparison to the
origami.
Ship.
Umm.
It's it's still heading towards
a.
Another structure that has
numerous.
Chimneys. There are birds that
are coming in and out of the
water.
Almost like raindrops.
And the sky is actually being
polluted.
By the the smoke that's coming
out of the chimney.
Umm.
Now there's some.
Activity that is more human like
in that there are.
Um, I guess the origami tree is
near one of the structures and.
The origami tree as well as the
creatures in the water are being
attacked by.
The creatures that are in the
ship like buildings.
They are being attacked by.
Pistol like.
Objects, and one of the bullets
seemed to have pierced the
origami ship, and the origami
ship now has.
Is is going to rescue the
Human.
Fish like human from the rocket
that is that he was using to
navigate himself above.
The seawater and he's about to
jump into the origami ship.
There's a lot of turbulence in
the seeing right now.
It looks as though there's
another fight scene that might
take place.
Between the human like creature
that's trying to get onto the.
origami ship
Very simple compared to another
person, a human like creature
that has superhero like
qualities like he's wearing a
Cape, he's dressed almost like a
suit.
Spiderman, like in his
positioning himself at the top
of a ship.
That is also.
It's not just himself alone, but
he has other creatures that are
half fish, half animal, like a
number of them that are.
Heading towards the origami
ship.
Meanwhile, the the ocean is now
become quite rough.
There are huge waves, very large
waves, and the origami ship is
actually in the midst of a big.
Umm.
Tsunami like waves that's about
to engulf the origami ship.
Meanwhile the the attacker of
the ship.
He is now.
Staying on the sidelines, he is
holding another origami like.
Airplane in his hand and it
looks as though he's about to
throw it towards the origami
ship.
Yeah, the the sea is still rough
but probably caused by nature as
there is a big Thunder and
lightning that's taking place, a
storm that's taking place.
Meanwhile the origami plane is
flying above seawater heading
into a direction.
Now the origami ship is going
through a maze of.
Small doughnut like.
Holes.
Only to find out that these
doughnut like holes are made-up
of those creatures that look
like snails. No snakes.
And it looks as though one of
these snails had not snake snake
head has grabbed.
The airplane.
Origami.
Meanwhile, he the origami ship
is going through the the donut
area of the snake and is trying
to find its way outside to more
open sea.
He sees the opening and he then
encounters two other creatures
that are waiting for him.
These two other creatures.
Look like.
Whale, but not the normal whale
that we saw earlier on because
it has like a Unicorn.
Um, Unicorn?
Unicorn.
What is it called? And it's got
illuminated eyes, so it doesn't
look like real creature. It
doesn't look like normal real
creatures.
But I what you see in
Fantasyland.
He's spitting out water and it's
landing on the origami ship and
the origami ship because of that
my sink to the bottom of the
ocean. Meanwhile there's another
creature that is wearing that
looks like a.
A fish with legs.
Looking out into the distance
and he sees on land.
I meant some of the trash that
are very visible from humans.
He sees the origami ship, sort
of half.
Underwater about to sink.
So as the origami ship is
sinking into the ocean and and
and and kind of now immersed in
the sea water, it is being
surrounded by jellyfish, a whole
sea of jellyfish.
As well as one large jellyfish
that looks like.
A mixture of.
Jellyfish and coral.
Very pretty though.
So.
The origami ship is actually now
being saved.
By a group of.
As a school of fish that are
heading in one direction, using
their eyes as a as a direction
to find the origami ship above
water meanwhile.
It looks as though.
The ship is now the origami ship
is now quite deep.
Deep down in the ocean level
because all the it seems to be
dark and it's following a an
octopus like creature or it's
encountering an octopus like
creature.
With some jellyfish surrounding.
It's going to get to the bottom
of the ocean.
Where
Yes, the origami ship landed at
the bottom of the ocean and some
other creatures are are climbing
onto the origami ship, but
meanwhile the origami ship is
being shined.
Through a ray of light that is
coming from.
It looks like.
A sunken ship.
So the right side of the page
shows the origami ship at the
top at the tip of 1/2 sunken
submarine. Meanwhile, there's a
group of.
Creatures with tail lights that
are heading towards the subway
submarine ship that is showing
light and the origami ship is
also landed on top of it.
The origami ship was actually
able to get to the.
The surface of the water, thanks
to this submarine that has been.
Umm.
Able to get the origami ship
above water.
Meanwhile.
The submarine ship is also
facing another ship that is half
boat, like half.
Whale like half.
Octopus like.
Um, and there are some.
People or people like creatures
that look as though they're
doing some fishing.
Umm.
Because there's some seagulls
flying around and the origami
ship seems to now be sailing.
Umm.
Towards its destination again
above water.
The origami ship is now being
played.
With a group of seals there are
above water as well as there's a
group of seals that are
underground, swimming playfully.
Doing acrobatics.
As though they origami ship is
about to head towards another.
Underground water area where
there's a lot of.
Fish and.
plants that are swimming above
in coral.
So now that origami ship comes
through another area.
Of the ocean, where once again
there's many.
Um, creatures living under the
water.
And comes across an area.
Where there's another sunken.
Ship.
Fish like object. There's a man
that's in a tank.
Holding around, illuminating.
Ball and there's some other
creatures.
That are around him also fish
like non fish like creatures.
The origami ship is now sailing
closer to.
The human like.
Person that is now riding a.
Like a water jet ski that looks
like a dog but has.
That has a sailing
Wheel to direct him and is close
to a lighthouse and it's near
one of the.
Floaters around lighthouse that
shows boats to be careful of the
lighthouse.
The origami ship is now closer
to a large striped lighthouse
and at the base of the
lighthouse there is a human like
creature looking towards the
origami ship.
Now the there's a picture of the
origami ship sailing across the
ocean, while in the close
distance there is a very tall
structure that is still.
Above sea level, but it is made.
About on on the sea.
It's a. It's a building that is.
That looks like a pier.
And there is a large.
Like ocean liner that sailing.
But this I think picture is
trying to show how large this
structure is compared to the
ocean line because the ocean
liner is relatively small, the
structure that looks like a
pier.
Goes into the distance and there
are other boats.
That it shows how large it is.
The origami ship now encounters
being close to the ship liner.
Once again, it is. It is next to
a very, very large ocean liner.
And then there's another smaller
boat.
That has a sailboat attached to
it that is also close by.
Meanwhile, there's a submarine.
Ship.
That.
Looks similar to the one that
rescued the origami ship and
there is actually a city in the
distance that has chimneys.
That looks to be where the ocean
liner is heading towards.
Um, the.
The left side of the page. I
can't really see where the
origami ship is but it just
shows how large some of these
structures are. The ocean liner.
Are huge.
But there's this one creature,
like um.
Boat like.
Structure that looks like a
killer whale that's taking a
shower.
Uh, and there are two, three
people on a very, very small
rowboat swimming past.
Looking at this whale, killer
whale that's taking a shower and
meanwhile the origami ship is
now very close to the edge of
the pier.
Almost.
Watching as the rest of the
number of people.
Are greeting people who are
coming off the boat.
There's a boat as well as two
large ship liners now. The
origami ship is close to.
a pier close to a city.
In the background there is a
another factory like.
Cranes and chimneys that show
that this is a a factory
operating with people or people
like creatures.
The origami ship is still in the
water and it's observing all
this and all these changes and
all these people who are close
by at the edge of the the pier
or near the factory is a crane
that is trying to raise.
One of the submarines out of the
water.
And there are some human like
creatures operating the crane
and doing some research, as well
as one person inside the
submarine who probably was the
captain or the navigator of the
submarine ship. The submarine
ship looks almost like a a large
seahorse.
Meanwhile, there's a boat that
the the origami ship has come
across.
a boat is
There's a man on on top of the
boat, as well as a dog or a dog
like creature and the.
This boat seems to have been
able to capture.
The Unicorn like whale creature.
As well as another creature,
very large creatures in its
caught in a net. So the two
creatures are caught in a large
net that is held up in a on a
crane and is above water and the
origami ship is now closer to
the closest to the edge of the
town.
Or the city.
And there is a person that is
coming down the steps of the
pier or the edge of the harbor.
And coming down to the steps
very close to the surface of the
ocean almost to see what he
could do with the origami ship.
Meanwhile, the origami ship
seems to be going through a
canal.
In between, that's running
through the city.
Once again, the whole image of
the city is very fantasy like
that. Don't know whether it's
daytime or night time, but as
the origami ship sails through
this canal.
And the water. There are
creatures that look like
pigeons. There's a another
reindeer that's on the top of a
building. There's another half
bat like half creature fish.
That's about two that has a a
fake.
Or a man-made propella that is
about to take off to fly from
the roof of a chimney or roof of
a tall structure.
Um, don't know if it's snowing
or if these are just lights that
are illuminating from the city,
but it is night time.
So the origami tree is now um
coming across other creatures
that they seem to be friendly.
There's a clown like creature
that's saying hello to the
origami tree.
There's a reindeer that's got a
backpack or that, just like
carrying a a pouch.
There is another human like
creature that's wearing a oxygen
tank mask.
There is one normal looking cat
at the top of the stairs that's
going towards the.
In the city as the origami ship
continued to sail
Through the canal.
There are some people also
underneath. Lamps. Lamps.
above water at the edge of the
canals they seem to be.
more human, like all of them
holding a round ball.
that seems to be illuminating.
{All right.
Second to last page.}
Meanwhile, the origami ship.
Continues to sail through this
canal Lake area.
It looks like it's night time
because the street lights are
are on. Looks to be.
Heading towards a very small
house at the edge of the water.
So that's the destination. As
the origami ship approaches the
the House, the House door seems
to be opening. There's a faint
light that's coming out.
Of the house that looks as
though somebody is actually
inside and has been waiting for
origami ship the origami ship
now as it gets closer to the
edge of the water and towards
the house.
A creature comes out of the
origami ship. 1 1 creature
that's dressed in.
That has legs that seems to
have.
Um, the ability to go up and
down the stairs. There is
somebody that's waiting for this
creature at the top of the
stairs.
The last picture shows two
people standing face to face
with just their legs.
#END_wanderer showing.
{OK, so that was the story. Ohh,
that's the story. OK, so.
Again, this next one is a
complex scene. Um, describe what
you see and what is happening,
and take between three and five
minutes. Can you? Can you?}
{Sorry, I diminished your the
screen and so now I have to put
it because I can't really see.
Let me just give me yours. OK,
yeah, I'll stand. No, that's it.
I want it in full screen. That's
it. There. That's good. OK.
Thank you. Good.}
#START_make_a_splash Um, so this
is a scene of
A group of people having a good
time at a.
Either a pool.
Or an ocean. Oh no, it's
probably a pool because there's
a lot of slides, there's a lot
of.
There's like 2-3 areas where
people could slide through to
the bottom of the big pool.
There is also.
Um, an area where people can go
down a channel
Of the pool and a float.
That's shown in the left side,
lower left side of the page.
Everybody seems to be, um,
having a good time. It looks
like a mixture of parents as
well as children.
Umm.
Looks like it's the summer time
most of the people.
Are either in the water or about
to jump into the water or
sunbathing. There's a small
group of people who are
sunbathing to them to buy the by
the canal, but everybody seems
to be.
Being active.
There's a, I mean a ship that is
also shaped in a way that has a
slide but also has a a dragon.
There are people at the top of
the ship are looking to either
jump in or slide down or.
Use the water cannons to spray.
There is another.
There's some lifeguards I see
that are going around trying to
make sure things are safe.
They're they're wandering around
with a white T-shirt and orange
shorts, short shorts. There's
one, yeah, there's a couple of
lifeguards I see that are
carrying the lifeguard floaties.
So it looks to be well
organized. Everybody seems to be
having a good time.
From people who are.
Above water are not running.
Which is another safety feature.
Must be outside because there
are some people who are wearing
sunglasses, but for the most
part people are just wearing
bathing suits and just about to
jump into the water.
There are some people who are
sliding down this tube of
slides. Some are going feet
first, some are going head
first.
#END_make_a_splash All seemed to
be having a good time and I
don't see any unhappy faces. For
the most part, nobody crying.
{OK, that was about four
minutes. We can go ahead. Um. So
the next one is a graphic novel,
which is about 20 pages. So
again, aiming for between 10 and
15 minutes to go through the
story, OK.}
#START_return So this is a
scene.
That shows um.
People who are in a house.
And there are two people that I
see so far. The house is
actually in.
Um, a part of a a town that has
a street light on. There's a
father or a an adult wearing
shorts at the top of the on the
2nd floor above the entrance who
seems to be doing some artwork.
House is cut up like a cake and
then you can see the inside and
what people are doing in the
inside.
Uh, there's a a boy that is in
his room.
Um, and he seems to be carrying
a red ball. He has a orange
crown and he's using a red.
Marker to draw on his wall.
There's a cat on the 2nd floor
that's resting on a sofa bench,
and other than that there are no
other activities taking place.
Oh, and then there's a kite.
That seems to have flown into
the father's room.
So the kite now lands in the
fathers room. He stops his work.
That seems to be a drawing of
some kind. He picks up the kite
that had landed at the foot of
his on the floor of his room. He
picks it up, and then he goes to
investigate where this kite has
come from. He goes into his
son's room only to find out that
the son is not there, and
instead the sun seems to have
drawn on his wall with the red
marker.
An entrance to another a door
that has is a shape of a.
it colored in red. And it seems
to be heading into another
direction, so the father is
looking into the door that's
half open and trying to see if
his son has gone outside into
and through the.
The next door.
All the then the father realizes
that he's the door leads him to
a large forest, a forest that is
illuminated by lights of various
kinds.
Almost like Christmas lights, as
well as Chinese lanterns that
are hanging from the tree
branches. And at the base of A
at there's a Creek that is
running in meandering through
the trees. And at one area of
the Creek that has a man-made
landing, there is a red ball.
The father notices the red ball
as he examines the new
environment.
He picks up the ball and he gets
to the edge of this landing and
then all of a sudden there is a
a boat, a wooden boat that is in
the shape of a.
Hmm, kind of a.
Semi dragon.
That is floating through the
canal and coming towards him.
The canal.
The the the ship, the boat that
is shaped like a horse with a
tail.
Lands very close to the the
father and the father jumps onto
the boat with the red ball.
The father is heading towards a
fantasy city that has that is
entering the gates into a castle
like.
of a structure.
That is kind of like a has a
Moat and is about to enter and
in the distance, he actually
sees his son's way in the
distance.
Above the.
Above the water and it looks as
though he's riding in some kind
of a red either scooter or it
looks like a boat, but it can't
be because it's above a bridge
and is heading away. I think the
father seems to have spotted his
son.
So the father? Oh, these are the
characters from the previous.
the father lands
Looks as though he has been able
to.
meet up with his son, who is
actually.
As was sailing on a red rowboat.
The father seemed to have left
the red ball in the.
Ship.
The horseship that he was.
Sailing on and but he was too
excited to see his son, who's
also with the girl.
also holding a red marker and A
and an old man, that is.
Dressed like a shaman.
there is a bird a purple bird
that's flying with them.
Meanwhile they come across a
large chair that looks like a
king would sit on.
So the father is now with his
son, who's holding a a purple
marker, a girl with a red
marker, and a old man they seem
to have encountered.
The ship.
The ship that the father was on
was being discovered by the
military group and so the
military now seems to run after
and so they are being chased by
the military. The old man is
holding a an orange marker and
is trying to distract the
military.
Who's chasing towards the the
father and the two children.
So the old man is trying to use
the orange marker as a weapon,
and it becomes a a sword. He
draws a sword, an orange sword.
It becomes something that he can
use to fight against the
military man, but the military
man has a stronger.
Uh.
tool that seems to erase the
sword and back into a crayon.
And so all of a sudden the old
man is without a way to defend
himself, and so he's captured by
the military and the man with
the tool to erase is now running
after the father and the two
children.
And the boy is using his purple
marker.
To draw what looks like a flying
horse and the father and the two
children ride on the draw the
Purple 4 horse that flies.
Into the distance, just barely
escaping the military man.
Ohh but the.
Man that has the equipment seems
to use his eraser, and the
purple marker that was in the
boy's hand is actually being
retracted by the man with the
eraser. Meanwhile, he's also
erasing the the drawing of the
the Purple Flying Horse that the
two are using to escape.
So as a result.
The man is continuing to use the
eraser.
Um, and the eraser is now.
Has changed the image of the
Flying horse to feathers, purple
feathers. Meanwhile, the three
people that were on the horse
Flying Horse is floating in the
sky.
The little boy is actually being
saved by the old man who
captures holds his hand as he.
Stops himself from flying off.
But the father and the girl are
actually continuing to.
Fall down into Earth as the
they're no longer in the.
And on a on a flying horse they
land into the ocean.
The ocean and they and there's a
picture of them in the in the
middle of the ocean. The girl is
quick to be able to use her red
pen marker to draw something
that will save them and looks
like a submarine. Meanwhile, the
bird, the purple bird, is with
them. So she's been able to
successfully draw a submarine, a
large submarine that the father
and the girl can head back
towards the island so that they
can save the boy.
So the red submarine lands in a
cave like structure is above
water.
And they're still trying to find
the boy.
That's being captured by the
military as well as the old man.
They get into a cave that seems
to have drawings that may help
them find a way.
To get to the boy, it looks like
there are images.
Of the story that seems to have
happened.
And they're trying to.
The boy the father and the girl
is trying to look at the ceiling
that has all the descriptions of
the event
The bird is looking outside
because the bird sees a shadow
of a creature approaching, but
the girl and the man are too
busy looking at the pictures.
It's that they are at an edge of
a cave and so.
The creature approaching them is
shown as a shadow.
Meanwhile, they're able to find
the man that has the eraser and
the boat that they use to
capture the old man. There is no
picture of there is no image of
boy.
But meanwhile the father, who I
think was an illustrator because
of his job.
Now is drawing using another
marker to try to see if he can.
He's using the illustration on
The Cave.
To try to see how he could
rescue his son and he's drawing
a cage.
For the bird.
So they're using the bird to
entice the military man with the
eraser. Meanwhile, it's actually
like a capture. It's like a trap
once the man the military man
trap tries to trap.
The bird that's on this
structure, he as he lands, the
structure closes and he himself
is being captured in a birdlike
cage. Meanwhile, his eraser has
left his hand and now the father
has the eraser in his hand.
So all of a sudden.
The the father is has broken the
the eraser and the eraser is now
releasing all the things that
has it has trapped inside the
box including the horse like
purple flying the the flying
horse.
As well as other flying
butterflies and Dragons.
Dragonflies. Meanwhile the sun
and the old man is walking
towards the father. That's just
that, just broke the eraser.
So it wasn't really an eraser,
it was just a.
It was a absorber of images.
Drawn drawn from the crayons,
there's a picture of the
military people heading back
away from them, as well as the
captured military men, with the
eraser being carried by the
purple Flying Horse into the
distance. The father, the two
children and the old man are are
watching them fly, fly away and
swim away.
The girl is very appreciative of
the father or helping them.
And so she is giving him a hug.
Meanwhile, there's a small door
at the base of a rock that has
that shows some entrance with
the kite that was in the in the
house.
That the father picked up so the
kite.
Is actually leading him back
into.
His work room that he was in and
the kite is actually now being.
#END_return Flown in the sky in
this, that the city or the town
that the boy and the father
live.
{So that was the story. Ohh that
was a story, OK.
So going ahead, we have a
complex scene.}
#START_escape_from_the_zoo So
this is a another.
Looks like it takes place in a
zoo.
Um.
There are a number of animals
that seems to be happy to be
observed by the humans people.
Um, except a gorilla that
doesn't look very happy.
But for the most part, there's a
rhinoceros.
That is, in the midst of it
seems to have escaped his.
Is cave, his cage.
There's a lion that looks as
though he's ready to eat one of
the humans.
He's looking at them from a
distance with a tongue saying
I'm I'm hungry.
So there's a Peacock that people
that people like to take
pictures of, and there's a
Penguin hidden in the Peacock
swing. There are some.
Pink flamingos.
Uh, that are with the rhinoceros
that's in the water. There is
some zebras that
Looked confused as the people
looked at him.
There's actually 2 zebras.
There's some animals on the tree
branch. They look like some kind
of a wrecking with long tails.
There's a polar bear site in the
background. The polar bear seems
to be happy being watched by the
humans. There's another area
where the elephants trying to
take away a boy's peanuts,
slurping it with his nose.
So yeah, I see now where the
rhinoceros came from. His way at
the back of the zoo. So he must
have.
Kind of strung through the
middle of the zoo and people
were.
Um, alarmed and a little
frightened of this rhinoceros.
Meanwhile, there's actually
another area it looks as though
the Penguins might be.
Because there's an eagle like
structures but we don't see
anybody in it. Because the
Penguin it seems like is hidden
in the Peacocks wings and
there's an ice cream stand next
to the Penguins cage. The man is
selling ice cream.
There's a a monkey that's
pretending to read a newspaper
on the bench.
So he's being discrete. There's
a boy that's trying to feed the
antler and popcorn even though
he's not supposed to.
Um, there's two giraffes, no 3
giraffes and an area with other
antlers and.
Oh, I see another Penguin.
There's another Penguin that
seems to have.
Pretending that he's just
reading a newspaper, I see
another Penguin that is trying
to hold on to the rhinoceros
that's storming through the zoo.
And there's another Penguin
amidst a group of people as he's
doing a dance with a top hat.
And um.
And there's a people at the back
going in and out of a cafe.
There's some. There's another
Penguin that tried to hide and
behind a man who's standing to
get an ice cream and he's trying
to get an he's trying to give an
he's trying to exchange an ice
cream for a soda with a man.
Um and.
Meanwhile, there's a there's a
group of people who are dressed
like safari, people who are
trying to capture the
rhinoceros, who's storming
through. He has a very small
neck, so don't think he's going
to be successful, but they have.
They're there to try to capture.
The rhinoceros. Meanwhile, I
guess the people who are dressed
like safari people are maybe the
workers of the zoo.
Because there's another man
closer to the monkey age that is
reprimanding a boy that's making
fun of the animals.
And there is a man that's
actually standing behind the boy
that's giving popcorn to the
antlers, probably about to say
don't feed the animals.
There's also a kangaroo that
seems to be bouncing trying to
get food from somebody.
From.
And oh, I guess because the
rhinoceros has broken the fence.
Escape way at the back there's a
rhinoceros cage that where the
the cage is broken and so there
seems to be people who have gone
into the rhinoceros cage and so
there's a zoo, zoo helper,
zookeeper or zoo person that's
trying to tell them don't don't
encounter the rhinoceros.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo Way at
the top of the page. {Yeah.
Center. OK, so that was five
minutes. And go on to always
supposed to. I was supposed to
pick 10 Penguins. I only just
read that. Yeah, I just read
that. So I think I may have
found a few.}
#START_airport So this isn't
another Waldo. He's about to get
onto an airplane and go
somewhere because the scene is
at an airport.
There's a couple of airplanes
that are at are at the.
Terminals either waiting to
unload people or loading.
Cargo and luggage, meanwhile,
there's also a scene that's in
the airport terminals where
people are coming in.
Umm.
Uh, there's a baggage claim area
where they're trying to claim
their baggage.
{Hold on a second. I have to
move my face, OK?}
People are getting on to.
People are getting onto the
buses in order to get either to
the airplane or have landed in
another area and about to get
into the terminal.
There's like 1234.
567 regular airplanes as well as
a.
Kind of a old style Cessna plane
that is being driven by a card
ace of spade.
Maybe he came from another
story.
There's a fire truck that's
coming towards and spraying
people instead of spraying.
Or trying to tear down the water
because they think that the
smoke is actually coming from an
airplane, but it's just a group
of people who are hidden behind
cargo smoking and so they've
been alarmed.
For the smoke, but they haven't
been able to identify where the
smoke is coming from.
Of.
There's some. There's an
airplane that has disembarked.
Passengers and passengers are
coming into the terminal.
Um, there's a group of people
who are trying to unload the
luggage and they're trying to
throw the luggage, and if you
get the rhythm right, you can
capture them. But yeah, the
rhythm isn't correct because one
person is being hit by the
luggage. There's some people on
top of the landed airplane,
which seems unusual.
So there's a, there's some
activity, but not at all good,
not all good. At the back,
there's an airplane that's just
about to.
Take some air, air elephants
onto the airplane. 12344
elephants, four elephants
probably equal like a.
Cargo full of something full of
people way in the back.
There are some flying objects
including a normal airplanes as
well as rockets as well as the
spaceship.
An old style air assessments.
And a balloon. I think they're
called balloons.
There's a helicopter that seems
to have.
Maybe sending off maybe a
somebody who is from another
country because there are some
flags that are flown around it,
maybe a delegation.
There's so there's a mismatch of
things it got. It just goes to
show.
The chaos of an airport,
airport. Not all of them good
because people are falling off.
Airplanes where there should be
stairs, they're opening up the
the tip of the air plane, only
to collide with a truck that is
that has some workers, and so
the workers are falling off.
There's the fire truck. They
came speeding to take care of
the smoke, ran over some of the
workers.
There's.
Some group of people who are not
very serious about the work
because they're playing ping
pong.
There is a man that's trying to
disengage the water hose, but he
doesn't know how, so he's still
reading the manual. Oh, and
there's Waldo on top of the
water truck. I found him
meanwhile.
#END_airport There's another
water truck, which is being
where the hose is being run over
by a baggage train like cargo,
so it's about to have another
accident of some kind. So
there's a lot of chaos.
{OK, that was about 5 minutes.
That was good. Um.
So they're moving on. So just so
that you know, we have 26.
Items in total and we're now on
21 and this one is also a
complex scene, OK.}
{Ohh jeez yeah so this is
another}
#START_exhibit-12 Humans full of
two pages.
Can't count how many the
background of this page is.
Looks like the it's on a.
Large room where there's almost
like a museum maybe, and it's
taken over and the picture is at
three levels because the walls
are covered, the red walls are
covered.
With portraits and pictures it
looks like it's a portrait
museum, but it is full of
people.
Some people are trying to take
the portrait. There's a portrait
of a king being carried by a
group of followers. There's some
portraits. {Hold on a second. I
think I just realized I don't
have my eyeglasses on.}
There's a bunch of portraits
being carried up the stairs by
people, and people are also
coming down the stairs. There's
a lot of chaos. There's a group
of people.
Who are to the left lower left
corner of the page that seems to
be in swim trunks. That's
supposed to put together a
portrait of a picture of a man
who's also wearing swim trunks
and a very elaborate mustache.
There's a an artist who's still
trying to finish his painting of
a horse that is being ridden by
a military medieval military
man.
Meanwhile, there's an Egyptian
person kneeling against the
wooden horse.
And there's a there's a man
who's actually also doing some
drawing on the floor of the of
the of the Greek person.
Um, there are some people from
current period as well as past
historical dressed. There's a
woman that looks like she's
wearing an Amish outfit. There's
a man that looks like he's
George Washington.
There's um.
A group of.
The policemen who are who's
chasing after the military
people, medieval military people
who's carrying the picture
portrait of a king.
On to the left of the first
floor, there's a there's a group
of workers who's trying to put
together a silhouette of a much
more modern, like very big
pictures of two faces. One is,
upside down is, the other one
is.
Is is a big picture
Maybe utilizing more modern art.
Um, on to the second floor.
There's also lots of people who
are coming and going, some
carrying pictures, some dressed
in medieval, even caveman like
outfits.
Hard to tell. It can't be. It
can't Halloween. I don't know.
Hard to tell. There's somebody
who's dressed in a spaceship.
There's a woman that's dressed
and a Flamingo outfit. There's a
man who's.
Looks like an Eskimo.
Um, there's a man that looks
like Dracula?
There's a man who's from another
culture carrying like a African
like face that use can be used
as a shield.
And even there's some people who
are not even human like they
have, like they're either
wearing costumes of lime
colored.
Outfits and kind of spread out.
I see at least two of them.
So not everybody is. Not
everybody is dressed in a
costume. Some people are dressed
in
Normal attire, so they could be
the people who are just coming
to see the portraits as well as
people who are actually.
From the portraits themselves,
it's hard to tell, but there's
just a lot of people, a lot of
activity going, probably too
much going on for a museum. And
at the third level, people are
just still continuing to go up
to the third level. People are
looking at all these different
portraits.
And I think people are still
trying to put up pictures as
they as the people are already.
#END_exhibit-12 Um, here at the
museum to see the portrait
pictures. OK, lots going on.
{That was up again about 5
minutes, and this one will be
the last one we do. It's a story
that it's about 20 pages.}
{I find it to be a little
familiar, yeah.}
#START_journey So the the boy
with the red kite.
Is now at home with his mother,
who's in the kitchen cooking
something. The girl is in a
family room of some kind and the
father is now in his work room,
but he's now on the computer and
the boy is actually.
At home, sitting on the steps of
his house with a red scooter.
So the mom is busy in the
kitchen, she's trying to get
dinner going, and she's on the
phone. So even though the boy
comes into the house with a red
scooter, he's not being he's not
being paid attention to. His
father is also busy doing his
work, and so the boy that is now
carrying the red kite is being
ignored.
And, um, I guess it's his older
sister who's just sitting on a
sofa, also busy with her. She's
not. She's not paying attention
to the boy who's now holding the
red ball, so he's feeling a
little lonely and.
Without means to have any he's
not being.
Examined or interacted with his
family because nobody wants to
pay attention to him, so he's in
his room with cat sitting on the
bed.
And then all of a sudden, he
sees the red marker again. He
picks it up.
He then draws again a door, a
red door with a marker, and then
he escapes.
He escapes at the same entrance
of the Tree of the Forest that
has lots of trees with Christmas
Tree, Christmas lights and
Chinese lanterns that's going
through the canal.
Or a Meadow.
Um, he gets to the.
An area where he can hop on a
boat. He draws a red boat.
And he sails off.
Once again he's his boat is
heading towards this fantasy
like Castle Town that has a
Moat.
And he's heading into that
direction. It's during the day.
Now, unlike the previous story,
he's actually being greeted
friendly. There's a group of
military men no longer wearing
medieval outfits, but he's
they're now wearing more modern
outfits, and they're waving to
the boy, and the boy is waving
back.
The boy comes to the edge of
this.
On his red boat. The red boat is
just about to fall off into a
waterfall.
Um, so just as he's about to
fall off, he uses his red marker
to draw something.
Which is a flying balloon. So he
was able to draw a flying
balloon and he flies off into
the sky. The military, the
modern military people are
waving goodbye to him as he
waves back.
The Purple bird is in the
distance. Oh, OK, now he's
actually flying towards a.
Kind of a submarine flying.
Which is actually getting him
back to this the the man with
the eraser that was trapped in a
cage. He's now encountering him
again. So they're actually in
medieval clothes again, and the
medieval military.
Uh.
Men are trying to capture the
purple bird that's flying away
and the boy is witnessing this
from red balloon. {Sorry, I
gotta sneeze. Ohh, sorry. It's
OK. You might come again. OK.}
So the boy is getting closer to
this sky, flying in the sky.
It's a ship that is flying, it
seems to be.
Um, flying with two other
smaller.
Balloon like objects.
The um, the purple bird was
actually captured.
And is put into the cage and the
boy is observing the bird and
trying to figure out how to.
escape and and release him.
So the boy managed to get onto
this ship flying ship and is
following the bird. The bird is
actually being taken up a tower
in the cage and the eraser bin
is actually leading him to
really at the tip of the this.
Flying ship.
The bird is now in a cage being
guarded by two medieval men. The
boy is actually climbing up to
rescue the bird with his red
marker. He's he's climbing up a
ladder so the boy is able to
grab the bird in the cage and
the military.
Men were surprised. He's
actually trying to he was
successful in releasing the bird
from the cage. Meanwhile, there
are all these military men who
have been told by the racer man
who's at the top giving commands
to capture the boy.
So the boy's been captured. The
boy loses also his red marker
that allows him to be.
Able to draw the military, the
head of the military eraser man
is telling him telling his
military men to take the boy,
and so the boy is being put into
another cage like.
Area. He's flying underneath the
ship, but there is no way for
him to escape.
Except that the bird.
Finds the boy with the red
marker, and so once again the
bird and the the boy plans to
draw.
Using the red marker.
Oh, and he was able to draw a
red carpet. A flying red carpet.
Um, and so he is on the red
carpet flying above the.
Ancient city following the
purple bird.
And he's still.
Following the red, purple, the
purple bird that is actually
heading towards.
A small island.
That has one lonely palm tree.
Ohh at the base of the palm tree
is a door that the bird is
telling the boy to go through.
So the bird gets out, the boy
gets off the red carpet and he
climbs through a very small
door.
That is at the the base of the
the palm tree, and he climbs and
goes through.
The the other end of the door is
actually a mailbox that gets him
back to his Old Town that he
lives in with familiar people.
The girl is also able to come
out from the mailbox as being
rescued by the Purple bird, and
so the girl and the boy, now
with the red marker and a purple
marker in hand, draws 2
Circles, one red and one purple.
And they fly off or they they
don't fly off but they ride off
in a tangent bicycle the the the
circle shows his red.
wheell and know her red wheel
and his.
#END_journey Purple wheel and
they're heading towards a
direction. The girl is in the
front pointing into a direction,
and the bird is following.